welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're continuing with our
cryptozoological examination of Crites
with critters 2 released in 1988 if you
are newer to the power of the feathered
mullet you should subscribe to the
channel as it features them heavily
let's get to it
we open in the fire swamp and observe
some intergalactic mercenaries pursuing
an unknown threat one of them allows
himself to be pounced upon and
inseminated by their bounty in order to
briefly distract it to facilitate
extermination we soon see this bumbling
idiot as Charlie now employed in the
trade of cosmic murder as the gang zips
through space they get an emergency
alert that a recent G sweep of planet
Earth has revealed trace remnants of the
Krait plague requiring their return
meanwhile back on the pale blue dot we
get little ketchup on what's been going
on in Grover's Bend the last two years
Brad is returning for the first time
since his family left town so he can
visit with his Nana the brown homestead
has been abandoned only attracting
lockers and looky-loos like the antique
dealer Quigley and his boy assistant
Wesley
they find the one spot no one has
explored over the intervening years and
it pays off they uncover a strange cache
of unusual eggs they figure may be worth
a couple of bucks on the open market
they get the eggs back to the shop and
Wesley takes some beers in a stack of
porno mags and payments as he drives off
one flies off in the wind waiting in the
field for the promise of discovery by
some lucky young lad later this grizzled
old scag feeds his mutton looks to give
grainy Brown the hook-up on some sweet
antique eggs for the Easter celebration
she's interested but she knows how to
play the game and fields him into giving
her a good deal as she walks away with
half his stock the other half Basques
and the nourishing warmth of his space
heater back at home Nana gives her
Little Helper a parting gift of
disturbingly unwrapped chocolate candy
and a free murder egg and as everyone
settles in for the night Quigley returns
from Saturday's service to discover he's
a father and that he can't climb fast
enough to avoid being eaten by his
progeny as is nature's method then Brad
reminisce is about the good old days
while the girls egg hatches and the
infant Krait is killed by happy accident
before it can feed the next day the town
prepares for its Easter celebration a
tradition that involves forcing the
sheriff to become a furry which he is
pretty sour about such a gloomy
gasps you better shut that smelly mouth
and as they prepare the grounds for what
promises to be an Eastern massacre we
see that brad has only made welcomed by
his old school chum Meg everyone else is
palpably disturbed by his presence due
to his family history of telling crazy
stories about space creatures that eat
falls outside the sheriff is getting in
some practice when he bends down to
observe a hatched egg and is forcibly
entered he then busts into the service
and shirring no one will ever forget the
Easter of 88 the official story is
farming accidents with Brad even
gaslighting himself by refusing to
acknowledge what happened in the last
movie meg insists he faced up to his
destiny and tries to snap him out of it
by driving out to get sheriff Harvey
involved but Harv was voted out and
doesn't feel any need to risk his own
skin for the townsfolk who turned on him
meanwhile the Bounty Hunter's finally
touched down stumbling upon the
aforementioned porno which gives Lee a
template to follow treating us to some
incredibly gratuitous alien titties she
then throws off the staple forcing us to
ask isn't that a part of her body
Megan Brad roll up to the antique shop
for reasons that must have been left on
the cutting room floor and Quigley's
like saga here before the crates
finished their meal and run them off
they beeline for Nana's where Brad finds
his alien communicator and activates it
for immediate bounty hunter service then
they have a touching reunion finding
Charlie off the sauce and looking
healthy as a horse
in town we learn Crites like to eat
family-style and take such joy in the
process they ignore physical pain so the
hunters get their guns nice and erect
and they start spraying these fun-loving
goofs but some to escape and terrorize
the general population forcing most
people to retreat to the church where
they can cover themselves in the blood
of Christ back outside the theory bard
Lee makes a very annoying decision
you'll walk bright giving us flashbacks
of the Polar Express and they work their
way through town showdown style this
lasts into the night when Charlie finds
leap again succumbing to his body's need
for recombobulator and prevents her from
one terrible mistake but not another as
she then chases AK right down a blind
alley it's actually full of Crites they
find her remains picked clean to the
bone and the trauma causes of to go
plank so they all retreat to the church
here receive their primarily watching
the front leaving the back vulnerable
and requiring Brad and a little girl to
play tricycle polo for their lives as
they accept imminent death they're saved
by the return of
Irv ready now to rid the town of this
menace in an attempt to play on their
strong communal tendencies Brad suggests
they lure them to the burger factory for
a fine meal and to explode them despite
the economic damage inherent and
squelching the town's chief export they
load up and roll out when they arrive
they mix up the strategy outlined
dumping and wafting all that delicious
fatty burger meat Pryor is setting up
the explosive charges this gives them
limited time as the Crites are soon on
their way the town's folk follow them
out but the winds shift putting them in
a precarious position luckily the big
one espouses the advantage of going
boneless overvaluing freshness leading
them back in the direction of the
factory
turns out the big one was ugh doing his
part to ensure the plans success and
with that they light off the bangers
their celebration is interrupted by the
rumbling of a giant Krait ball that
consumes all in its path they chase it
back into town where Charley kamikazes
the thing right at the last moment
appreciate it but unnecessary because he
probably could just use the blasters in
a somewhat uncomfortable attempt to
memorialize his fallen comrade ugh then
turns himself into Charlie the next day
is Brad tries to get a kiss without
everyone watching they're interrupted by
Charlie's return he bailed out and
apparently spent the night in the woods
for fun he finds himself enamored with
his own village and the erotic
possibilities implied but ugh beams up
without him Brad gets little peck in his
on his way in Charlie's then appointed
to an elected position by a civilian
with no actual authority in defiance of
the democratic process ultimately
critters 2 was a bit rushed
it had more Krait action and more action
in general and stands on its own but
probably could have used another draft
or two on the script if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]